#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
catboost==1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via nltk
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
filelock==3.12.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.39.3
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2023.5.0
    # via huggingface-hub
gensim==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via catboost
huggingface-hub==0.14.1
    # via transformers
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via matplotlib
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via torch
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   contourpy
    #   gensim
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   wordcloud
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   transformers
pandas==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   seaborn
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
    #   wordcloud
plotly==5.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2023.5.5
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.30.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   gensim
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==6.3.0
    # via gensim
sympy==1.11.1
    # via torch
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via plotly
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
torch==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
transformers==4.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.0.2
    # via requests
wordcloud==1.9.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-resources
